DOCS-6625 updates to k8s apm instructions (#20850)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/containers/kubernetes/apm.md

  text: "Assign tags to all data emitted by a container"
---

> This page describes how to setup and configure [Application Performance Monitoring (APM)][10] for your Kubernetes application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This page describes how to set up and configure [Application Performance Monitoring (APM)][10] for your Kubernetes application.
```

{{< img src="tracing/visualization/troubleshooting_pipeline_kubernetes.png" alt="The APM troubleshooting pipeline: The tracer sends traces and metrics data from the application pod to the Agent pod, which sends it to the Datadog backend to be shown in the Datadog UI.">}}

You can send traces over Unix Domain Socket (UDS), TCP (`IP:Port`), or Kubernetes service. Datadog recommends that you use UDS, but it is possible to use all three at the same time, if necessary.

## Setup
1. If you haven't already, [install the Datadog Agent][1] in your Kubernetes environment.
2. [Configure the Datadog Agent](#configure-the-datadog-agent-to-collect-traces) to collect traces.
3. [Configure application pods](#configure-your-application-pods-to-submit-traces-to-datadog-agent) to submit traces to the Datadog Agent.

### Configure the Datadog Agent to collect traces

The instructions in this section configure the Datadog Agent to receive traces over UDS. To use TCP, see the [additional configuration](#additional-configuration) section. To use Kubernetes service, see [Setting up APM with Kubernetes Service][9].

{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab "Operator" %}}

> After you [use Operator to install the Datadog Agent][1], edit your `datadog-agent.yaml` to set `features.apm.enabled` to `true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you [use the Operator to install the Datadog Agent][1], edit your `datadog-agent.yaml` to set `features.apm.enabled` to `true`.
```
